content/pages/home.md, before:

---
template: HomePage
slug: ''
title: Yellowcake
featuredImage: 'https://ucarecdn.com/159203d3-881d-4218-baa1-ca4427b48d0d/'
subtitle: ' Welcome to the ultimate Gatsby and Netlify starter project.'
meta:
  description: This is a meta description.
  title: The Ultimate Gatsby Starter
---
Yellowcake is an opinionated starter project created by [Thrive Digital](https://thriveweb.com.au/) a [Gold Coast Web Design](https://thriveweb.com.au/) studio. to help you create lightening fast websites with [Gatsby](https://gatsbyjs.org) and [Netlify CMS](https://netlifycms.org).

View the [project overview](https://thriveweb.com.au/the-lab/yellowcake-gatsby-react-js-starter-project/) and the [docs](https://github.com/thriveweb/yellowcake/blob/master/README.md).

# Features

* **[Gatsby](https://gatsbyjs.org)** static site generator
* **[Netlify CMS](https://github.com/netlify/netlify-cms)** for content management
* Dynamic menus and forms
* **[Mailchimp](http://mailchimp.com)** and **[Uploadcare](https://uploadcare.com)** integrations
* Fully responsive layout for mobile and widescreen browsing
* Blog searching and paging functionality
* Seamless image and content sliders
* Instagram feed integration

## Get started

View the [Netlify CMS Docs](https://www.netlifycms.org/docs/) and the [Netlify CMS Repo](https://github.com/netlify/netlify-cms).

[![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/thriveweb/yellowcake&stack=cms)

Commit message:

made it more Places Unknown friendly

content/pages/home.md, after:

---
template: HomePage
slug: ''
title: Places Unknown
featuredImage: 'https://ucarecdn.com/159203d3-881d-4218-baa1-ca4427b48d0d/'
subtitle: 'This is a nice description of what/why Places Unknown does/exists.'
meta:
  description: This is a meta description.
  title: The Ultimate Gatsby Starter
---
Yellowcake is an opinionated starter project created by [Thrive Digital](https://thriveweb.com.au/) a [Gold Coast Web Design](https://thriveweb.com.au/) studio. to help you create lightening fast websites with [Gatsby](https://gatsbyjs.org) and [Netlify CMS](https://netlifycms.org).

View the [project overview](https://thriveweb.com.au/the-lab/yellowcake-gatsby-react-js-starter-project/) and the [docs](https://github.com/thriveweb/yellowcake/blob/master/README.md).

# Features

* **[Gatsby](https://gatsbyjs.org)** static site generator
* **[Netlify CMS](https://github.com/netlify/netlify-cms)** for content management
* Dynamic menus and forms
* **[Mailchimp](http://mailchimp.com)** and **[Uploadcare](https://uploadcare.com)** integrations
* Fully responsive layout for mobile and widescreen browsing
* Blog searching and paging functionality
* Seamless image and content sliders
* Instagram feed integration

## Get started

View the [Netlify CMS Docs](https://www.netlifycms.org/docs/) and the [Netlify CMS Repo](https://github.com/netlify/netlify-cms).

[![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/thriveweb/yellowcake&stack=cms)
